hi I'm Chelsea Tyler and i'm here at the
dolce vita store on ludlow street in new
york city with the shoe designer IV
kerzner still tribute up first applause
always been known for its really
feminine chic styling and for fall we've
actually gone a little bit more
utilitarian you look into military
industrial you know looks and we've gone
through like a lot of like historical
research it was like what people wore
back then so you'll see some monkey boot
styling and those are like from the
British Army days what was your
inspiration kind of behind these weapons
these are a little bit more modern they
still have like a lot of like the sleek
features that were generally more for
our Footwear and for sure we have that
edgy girl customer who comes in they're
looking for like a statement piece right
and and that's like one of the best ways
to to bring in trends into their
wardrobe like we want to make sure like
it is in like I know how you don't want
the girl like just wearing the trend we
want to make sure that you really
utilizes a trend and there's like some
spandex like cuz it be Josh don't like
it fits really sleek and form-fitting I
know right great I'll walk ya streets
and so you're like really like like
buckled in these like when you put that
shoe on I mean it's gonna make your look
you put that to one you're gonna have a
pop of silver a little edgy appeal and
really sexy
i'm here with Amy Amato and Jillian chat
and the designers of the dolce vita
clothing line and we're going to tell us
a little bit about the inspiration
behind their Fall collection so let's
talk a little bit about the dress on the
mannequin this is the Selma dress and
it's a two-tone it's the same print but
in two different colors just a couple
other pieces similar to the ones you
believe we have the Carson dress with a
little zipper detail in the front and
then the Mildred that has a little
kangaroo pocket here onto the most
exciting part of this visit is
highlighting the summer sale that's
going on right now if you buy one pair
of dolce vita shoes you're going to get
the second pair of haha and they're
already discounted that's if you come in
store if you're online you're going to
get an additional twenty five percent
off online merchandise plus free
shipping you're good to go